#labels Featured
= Client =
----

===Bloom===

Author: Harekiet

Description: This allows you to enable/disable a *bloom* effect with the in tremulous, cvar: r_bloom*, to view all the cvars, type r_bloom in the console and press TAB.

===Cel-Shading===

Author: Jordi Prats Catala and Guillermo Miranda Alamo

Description: This adds two cvars, r_celoutline and r_celshadalgo, these allow you to enable/disable the Cel-Shading effect in Tremulous

r_celshadalgo options:

snn = Symmetric Nearest Neighbour

1: kuwahara
2: blur & kuwahara
3: kuwahara & blur
4: blur & kuwahara  & blur
5: snn
6: blur & snn
7: snn & blur
8: blur & snn & blur

===Messagemode arguments===

Author: Benmachine

Description: Allows you to pre-set text in messagemodes, ex: /bind x messagemode FSM, will display FSM in the Say menu

===Console color controls===

Author: Mercury

Description: This will allow you to control the color, and transparency of the console, along with the ability to control the color, transparency, and height of the bar below the console, cvar: scr_conColor* and scr_conBar*, to view all the cvars type /scr_con and press TAB.

===Sort by ping works===

Author: Amanieu

Description: Now you can view servers by ping, which didn't work in the old clients.

===Messagemode 5===

Author: Critux

Description: This you can bind to a key with "/bind key messagemode5", any text entered and sent will be sent to admins.

===Black to gray in console===

Author: Benmachine

Description: This will allow you to now see black text in the console.

===Less spam in console===

Author: Amanieu

Description: Now you don't get a buttload of text when you change maps in the console.

===Warntime===

Author: Rezyn

Description: Displays the time, timelimit, and sudden death in the chat.

===If, math, and cvar parser===

Author: Amanieu

Description: Allowing the usage of if, math, and cvar parsing with binds vstrs.

= Server =
----
===Backwards compatibility for cURL===

Author: Mercury

Description: This just adds two cvars back to the server, which enables old style client cURL downloads again.